feat: add assignees option to the copy and backport commands (#2336)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/backport.rst

     - ``conflicts``
     - The label to add to the created pull request if it has conflicts and
       ``ignore_conflicts`` is set to ``true``.
   * - ``assignees``
     - list of :ref:`data type template`
     -

>      - The users to assign to the pull request.
> 
> The list of users in ``assignees`` is based on :ref:`data type template`, you can use
> e.g. ``{{author}}`` to assign the pull request to its author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Users to assign the newly created pull request. As the type is :ref:`data type template`, you could use, e.g., ``{{author}}`` to assign the pull request to its original author.
```

          backport:
            branches:
              - stable

>             assignees: ["{{ author }}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            assignees:
              - "{{ author }}"
```
I feel it's more readable :)
